faq\tidb-lightning: add an AQ (#1199)
pingcap/docs: faq/tidb-lightning.md

- The space occupied by indices
- Space amplification in RocksDB

## Can TiKV-Importer be restarted while TiDB-Lightning is running?

> No, the Importer will store data of Engine in memeory. The Lightning must be restarted once the Importer is restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, Importer stores data of engines in memory. Lightning must be restarted once Importer is restarted.
```

No need to add "the" before proper nouns.

Author: OK，addressed.
Thanks.
